When Pages project is renamed, correctly invalidate resource (#2216)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: .changelog/2216.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/cloudflare_pages_project: changing `name` will now correctly invalidate the resource state. Fixes #2202

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/cloudflare_pages_project: changing `name` will now force recreation of the project
```
